Build system upgrades (#33)
ostis-ai/scp-machine: docs/build/cmake_flags.md

> ## Build cache

Reviewer: The following pages exist in the docs directory, but are not included in the "nav" configuration:
              - build/cmake_flags.md

This project uses ccache automatically if it's available in the system. To disable this, use flag `-DAUTO_CCACHE=OFF`.

## Building tests

```sh
cmake --preset <configure-preset> -DSC_BUILD_TESTS=ON
cmake --build --preset <build-preset>
```

## Code formatting with CLangFormat

To check code with CLangFormat run:
```sh

> cmake --preset release-with-tests -DSC_CLANG_FORMAT_CODE=ON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cmake --preset release-with-tests-conan -DSCP_CLANG_FORMAT_CODE=ON
```
same in next ```

cmake --build --preset release --target clangformat_check
```

or
```sh

> ./scripts/clang/check_formatting.sh

Reviewer: no such file
same with format_code.sh
